com/example/study/model/entity/Category.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.Category
 com.example.study.model.entity.Category$CategoryBuilder
com/example/study/model/entity/Partner.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.Partner
com/example/study/controller/GetController.java
 com.example.study.controller.GetController
com/example/study/service/UserApiLogicService.java
 com.example.study.service.UserApiLogicService
com/example/study/model/SearchParam.java
 com.example.study.model.SearchParam
com/example/study/controller/PostController.java
 com.example.study.controller.PostController
com/example/study/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.example.study.repository.UserRepository
com/example/study/model/network/Header.java
 com.example.study.model.network.Header
 com.example.study.model.network.Header$HeaderBuilder
com/example/study/repository/ItemRepository.java
 com.example.study.repository.ItemRepository
com/example/study/StudyApplication.java
 com.example.study.StudyApplication
com/example/study/model/network/request/UserApiRequest.java
 com.example.study.model.network.request.UserApiRequest
 com.example.study.model.network.request.UserApiRequest$UserApiRequestBuilder
com/example/study/repository/OrderDetailRepository.java
 com.example.study.repository.OrderDetailRepository
com/example/study/model/network/response/UserApiResponse.java
 com.example.study.model.network.response.UserApiResponse
 com.example.study.model.network.response.UserApiResponse$UserApiResponseBuilder
com/example/study/model/entity/OrderDetail.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.OrderDetail
com/example/study/ifs/CrudInterface.java
 com.example.study.ifs.CrudInterface
com/example/study/model/entity/Item.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.Item
 com.example.study.model.entity.Item$ItemBuilder
com/example/study/repository/PartnerRepository.java
 com.example.study.repository.PartnerRepository
com/example/study/model/network/response/ItemApiResponse.java
 com.example.study.model.network.response.ItemApiResponse
 com.example.study.model.network.response.ItemApiResponse$ItemApiResponseBuilder
com/example/study/model/network/request/ItemApiRequest.java
 com.example.study.model.network.request.ItemApiRequest
 com.example.study.model.network.request.ItemApiRequest$ItemApiRequestBuilder
com/example/study/controller/api/UserApiController.java
 com.example.study.controller.api.UserApiController
com/example/study/model/entity/OrderGroup.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.OrderGroup
com/example/study/model/entity/User.java
 com.example.study.model.entity.User
 com.example.study.model.entity.User$UserBuilder
com/example/study/controller/api/ItemApiController.java
 com.example.study.controller.api.ItemApiController
com/example/study/service/ItemApiLogicService.java
 com.example.study.service.ItemApiLogicService
